feat(ENG-2653): adds Manage Applications with Terraform guide (#104)
Basis-Theory/basistheory-integration-guides: collections/guides/manage_applications_terraform/index.md

resources available for use within the command line. Define the `ouput` block in a new `output.tf` file with the contents
below:

```terraform
output "my_application_key" {
  value       = basistheory_application.my_application.key
  description = "My Application key"
  sensitive   = true
}
```

## Executing Terraform

Now that our configuration is set up, it's time to execute Terraform commands to get these resources created.

The first step in managing any resources via Terraform, is to initialize your directory with your configuration. There are
many things that occur when initializing Terraform, one of which is download the `basistheory` provider from the public
Terraform registry. Let's run the following `terraform` commands within the same directory containing your configuration.

```bash
terraform init
```

A prudent step to ensure you have a valid configuration is to run `basistheory`'s provider validations against your current
configuration. These configurations only uses local resources to validate against the downloaded provider and does not talk
to any remote resources. 

```bash
terraform validate

> ```

Reviewer: should we talk about what the expected result from this is?

Author: yeah. that's a good idea

> Finally, you can apply the configuration using the `apply` command. This will output a plan Terraform intends to execute
> after confirming the plan. The plan contains differences between your current configuration and your current Terraform state.
> After executing the following command, type `yes` to create your Application within Basis Theory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can apply the configuration using the `apply` command. `apply` will output a plan Terraform intends to execute
and waits for your confirmation. This plan contains differences between your current configuration and your current Terraform state.
After reviewing the plan, type `yes` to create your Application within Basis Theory.
```

Reviewer: this may still read a bit odd. could use some eyes still

Author: I think your suggestions make sense

```bash
terraform apply
```

If all went successfully, Terraform should output that 1 resource was successfully added. If you made it this far, pat yourself
on the back! 🎉 You've successfully created an Application via Terraform!

> Now in order to use the Application key for `curl` commands, for example, you'll need to export the key that was just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now in order to use the Application API Key for `curl` commands, for example, you'll need to export the key that was just created.
```

Firstly, you'll need to configure the `terraform` configuration block in a `main.tf` file. Let's add a source for where
to pull down our Terraform provider, and pin the version as well.

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    basistheory = {
      source  = "basis-theory/basistheory"
      version = ">= 0.1.3"
    }
  }
}
```

Now you'll need to define some details for the provider. To start with you can define the API URL, API key, and client timeout
within the `basistheory` provider.

```terraform
provider "basistheory" {
  api_url        = "https://api.basistheory.com"
  api_key        = "<YOUR_API_KEY_HERE>"
  client_timeout = 5
}
```

Another configuration option is to just set the API key through setting `BASISTHEORY_API_KEY` environment var. This leaves
you with optionally setting the API URL and client timeout through `BASISTHEORY_API_URL` and `BASISTHEORY_CLIENT_TIMEOUT`
env vars, respectively. These don't need to be explicitly set since the API URL defaults to `https://api.basistheory.com`
and the client timeout defaults to 15 seconds. So the most minimal `provider` config can look like this:

```terraform
provider "basistheory" {
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: `terraform {}` and `provider {}` blocks are almost always configured in `main.tf`. Should we combine both blocks in the minimal config example and rename to `main.tf`?

configuration. This command uses local resources to validate against the downloaded provider and does not talk to any remote
resources. If your configuration is valid the command prints out `Success! The configuration is valid.`.

```bash
terraform validate
```

Finally, you can apply the configuration using the `apply` command. `apply` will output a plan Terraform intends to execute
and waits for your confirmation. This plan contains differences between your current configuration and your current Terraform state.
After reviewing the plan, type `yes` to create your Application within Basis Theory.

```bash
terraform apply
```

If all was successful, Terraform should output that 1 resource was successfully added. If you made it this far, pat yourself
on the back! 🎉 You've successfully created an Application via Terraform!

Now in order to use the Application API Key for `curl` commands, for example, you'll need to export the key that was just created.
You can do this by executing the `output` command below:

<span class="base-alert warning">
  <span>
    The following command will print the sensitive Application key to the terminal.
  </span>
</span>

```bash

> terraform output -raw my_application_key

Reviewer 2: Makes sense! How about the link back to `https://portal.basistheory/applications` so the reader can go view the application that got created from this guide?

> terraform output -raw my_application_key

Author: I like it!
